Add examples to man page for flox run (#39)
flox/flox: crates/flox/doc/flox-run.md

# SYNOPSIS

flox [ `<general-options>` ] run [ `<run-options>` ] [ -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]

# DESCRIPTION

> Run flake application from the requested package (or "installable").

Reviewer: An application from a flake is an installable, right? Not sure exactly what would make that more clear, maybe:
Run an "installable," an application from a flake.

Author: Does `nix run` not only look at the `app` flake output? Otherwise, we could word it as follows.
```suggestion
Run an application from the `app` output attribute.
```

Reviewer: No it looks at `legacyPackages` and `packages` as well. Honestly I think if we just give a high-level description that's probably best. So that users don't have to understand flakes, outputs, apps vs packages, etc

If not provided `flox` will prompt for you to select from the list of known packages.

> `flox run` uses `nix run` under the hood to execute the so-called installable. Which makes it possible to run 

Reviewer: Are we wrapping at 80 characters @ysndr ?

> packages from any Nix flake that exposes the `app` attribute in its outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
packages from any Nix flake that exposes the `apps` attribute in its outputs.
```

> packages from any Nix flake that exposes the `app` attribute in its outputs.

Reviewer: I think `nix` will run `packages` and `legacyPackages` as well https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/command-ref/new-cli/nix3-run.html#flake-output-attributes Saying all of that is probably too detailed

Author: Would redirecting people to [nix run](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/command-ref/new-cli/nix3-run.html) docs be too much?

Reviewer: Copying my other comment, my personal opinion is:
Honestly I think if we just give a high-level description that's probably best. So that users don't have to understand flakes, outputs, apps vs packages, etc

> `flox run` uses `nix run` under the hood to execute the so-called installable. Which makes it possible to run 
> packages from any Nix flake that exposes the `apps` attribute in its outputs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`flox run` uses `nix run` under the hood to execute the so-called installable.
Which makes it possible to run packages from any Nix flake
that exposes the `apps` attribute in its outputs.
```

# EXAMPLES

## Running applications in the current working directory

If `flox run` is called without any arguments, it will ask the user which application they want to use.

```console
$ flox run

> ? Select a packageapp for flox run  

Reviewer: Huh is `packageapp` a typo we need to fix somewhere else?

Author: I believe it's coming from here.

https://github.com/flox/flox/blob/8bd2556141ccd8fd81bf69b755a5a8e160577616/crates/flox/src/utils/mod.rs#LL381C3-L381C3

I executed that command in the [floxdocs repo](https://www.github.com/flox/floxdocs).

Reviewer: `packageapp` does not seem like something we should be displaying to users 🙈 

Not relevant to this PR though

Reviewer 2: should be interspersed with 'or', it's a formatting bug

> flox
  flox-bash
  nix-editor
[↑ to move, enter to select, type to filter]
```

> If `flox run` is called with an agrument, it will try to run that one instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `flox run` is called with an argument, it will try to run that one instead.
```

> If `flox run` is called with an agrument, it will try to run that one instead.

Reviewer: that app or package or program instead of that one?

```

> $ flox run cowsay -- 'Moo!'

Reviewer: Where is cowsay coming from? Would it be more obvious to do `flox run nix-editor` or something?

Author: I'm also having difficulty with this one. Because, when I call it like `flox run cowsay`, I'm assuming there's an underlying `flake.nix` and `flox.nix` with cowsay in there somewhere. Actually, that probably doesn't even work. 🤔

How would you tackle this?

Reviewer: I think I'd give an example in the same context as above (the flox repo). And maybe clarify that it's coming from a local repo

# SYNOPSIS

flox [ `<general-options>` ] run [ `<run-options>` ] [ -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]

# DESCRIPTION

Run flake application from the requested package (or "installable").
If not provided `flox` will prompt for you to select from the list of known packages.
`flox run` uses `nix run` under the hood to execute the so-called installable.
Which makes it possible to run packages from any Nix flake
that exposes the `apps` attribute in its outputs.

# EXAMPLES

## Running applications in the current working directory

If `flox run` is called without any arguments, it will ask the user which application they want to use.
Note, in this example it's assumed there's an `flake.nix` in the current directory.

```console
$ flox run
? Select a packageapp for flox run  
> flox
  flox-bash
  nix-editor
[↑ to move, enter to select, type to filter]
```

If `flox run` is called with an argument, it will try to run that app instead, without asking for user input.

> Note, in this example it's assumed there's an `flake.nix` in the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note, in this example it's assumed there's a `flake.nix` in the current directory.
```

# SYNOPSIS

flox [ `<general-options>` ] run [ `<run-options>` ] [ -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]

# DESCRIPTION

> Run flake application from the requested package (or "installable").

Reviewer: Nit(optional): still think this would be a bit more clear, because I'm not sure what the requested package is
```suggestion
Run flake application (or "installable").
```

# EXAMPLES

## Running applications in the current working directory

If `flox run` is called without any arguments, it will ask the user which installable they want to run.
Note, in this example, it's assumed there's an `flake.nix` in the current directory.

```console
$ flox run
? Select a packageapp for flox run  
> flox
  flox-bash
  nix-editor
[↑ to move, enter to select, type to filter]
```

If `flox run` is called with an argument, it will try to run that installable instead, without asking for user 
input.
Note, in this example, it's assumed there's a `flake.nix` in the current directory.

```
$ flox run flox -- -- --version
```

## Running applications from nixpkgs

It is possible to use `flox run`, to run packages from nixpkgs as follows.

```console
$ flox run 'nixpkgs#cowsay' -- 'Moo'
```

## Passing flags

Flags can be passed to the called installable as follows.

```console
$ flox run 'nixpkgs#cowsay' -- -- --help
```

# OPTIONS

## RUN OPTIONS

[ -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]
:   Arguments passed to the application

```{.include}
./include/general-options.md
./include/development-options.md
```

# SEE ALSO

> [nix(1)](https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/command-ref/new-cli/nix.html#installables)

Reviewer: Could you call a bit more attention to the fact that this explains installables?

# SYNOPSIS

flox [ `<general-options>` ] run [ `<run-options>` ] [ `<installable>` ] [ -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]

# DESCRIPTION

Run a flake application from the requested installable.
See the [nix(1)] manual's section on installables for more information.

> [nix(1)]: https://nixos.org/manual/nix/stable/command-ref/new-cli/nix.html#installables

Reviewer 2: We should definitely have some documentation about installables in our docs and link to to those as we do resolve a superset of nix installables.
Also the prompting is not mentioned anymore, as well as the fact that prompts only work in interactive usages, i.e. when a tty is available.

Author: Would it be sufficient to create a new issue in floxdocs to address this? But get these changes in as is?

# EXAMPLES

## Running applications in the current working directory

> If `flox run` is called without any arguments, it will ask the user which installable they want to run.
> Note, in this example, it's assumed there's a `flake.nix` in the current directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `flox run` is called without any arguments, and a controlling tty is available,
it will offer the user a selection of installable from the current flake.
Note, in this example, it's assumed there's a `flake.nix` in the current directory path.
```

```console
$ flox run
? Select a packageapp for flox run  
> flox
  flox-bash
  nix-editor
[↑ to move, enter to select, type to filter]
```

If `flox run` is called with an argument, it will try to run that installable instead, without asking for user input.
Note, in this example, it's assumed there's a `flake.nix` in the current directory.

```
$ flox run flox -- -- --version
```

## Running applications from nixpkgs

It is possible to use `flox run`, to run packages from nixpkgs as follows.

```console
$ flox run 'nixpkgs#cowsay' -- 'Moo'
```

## Passing flags

Flags can be passed to the called installable as follows.

```console
$ flox run 'nixpkgs#cowsay' -- -- --help
```

# OPTIONS

## RUN OPTIONS

> [ -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]

Reviewer 2: I guess this would be more _correct_ albeit a bit of an implementation detail
```suggestion
[ -- [ `<nix command args>` ] -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]
```

# SYNOPSIS

> flox [ `<general-options>` ] run [ `<run-options>` ] [ `<installable>` ] [ -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
flox [ `<general-options>` ] run [ `<run-options>` ] [ `<installable>` ] [ -- [ `<nix command args>` ] -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]
```

shouldn't we add this here too?

If `flox run` is called without any arguments, and a controlling tty is available,
it will offer the user a selection of installable from the current flake.
Note, in this example, it's assumed there's a `flake.nix` in the current directory path.

```console
$ flox run
? Select a packageapp for flox run  
> flox
  flox-bash
  nix-editor
[↑ to move, enter to select, type to filter]
```

If `flox run` is called with an argument, it will try to run that installable instead, without asking for user input.
Note, in this example, it's assumed there's a `flake.nix` in the current directory.

```
$ flox run flox -- -- --version
```

## Running applications from nixpkgs

It is possible to use `flox run`, to run packages from nixpkgs as follows.

```console
$ flox run 'nixpkgs#cowsay' -- 'Moo'
```

## Passing flags

Flags can be passed to the called installable as follows.

```console
$ flox run 'nixpkgs#cowsay' -- -- --help
```

# OPTIONS

## RUN OPTIONS

[ -- [ `<nix command args>` ] -- [ `<command args>` ... ] ]
:   Arguments passed to the application

```{.include}
./include/general-options.md
./include/development-options.md
```

# SEE ALSO

> [nix(1)]
> 

Reviewer: Not sure if `[nix(1)]` is supposed to be repeated?
```suggestion
```
